cta : alexandra feldman (alex)

role of cta : it's the client that requests the software, he gives the requirements
                   little communication just like in the real world, make use of these moments

software: means from online lectures in particular

make a tool that can allow students to ask questions (and just that!, no answers or replies) to the lecturer during the lectures

requirements: (students behave as you would expect very nice and good people: good names, good question tags)

students can send questions
students can upvote the questions
everyone can see the questions
lecturer can mark the questions (as answered)
moderator should be able to kick users, ban IPs, rephrase questions, highlight questions, merge questions together by tags (and then the students that wrote them can’t delete them anymore)
students can add tags to their questions
lecturer can schedule rooms (start and end time) (maybe also extend them if the need arises)
priority questions decided by a combination of the amount of votes and their age (these should be able to be sorted by the lecturer for convenience)
students can mark spam questions or messages
students should be able to say if the lecture is too fast/slow
students should not be able to see who wrote each question, the lecturer/moderator should be able to see them however (ask name at the beginning when opening the app)

additional: (students are more like... students so ye watch out)

lecturer can create a poll with one or multiple correct answers, or an open question, and afterwards he can choose to either show the answers to the students or not
either see the questions manually, using a refresh button or real time
limited amount of questions per student per unit of time (message timer) (e.g: 4 questions per minute)- non-functional?
answered questions should be marked and not show up in the actual questions that still need to be answered view
accessibility : if we make it useable for visually impair people etc. does need 1 page of research extra (page report)
pin function (not in the requirements nor will you get help for itt)(doesn’t count for the grade, maybe a “Won’t have” feature) 

can the lecture only view the newest questions or filter by highest upvotes : would be nice if both (and also by “priority”)
app should be mattermost like not zoom like (just text based)
should the tool be used for lectures like we have them now? yes not really meant for physical class but more for online class
should students be able to reply to questions ? no only the moderator should be able to do that
who can make the polls? only the lecturer should be able to make polls
do you need to do all standard requirements? yes you get graded on each part individual, you can score high on some and score less on others as long as they're at least present :D
what happens after the lecture? no messages should be saved (i didn't hear about the lecturers end tho :/)
should the questions be exported? right at the end of the lecture
Does it matter how we export them? it's up to us :D
multiple admins? yes
should it be able to support multiple lectures? for this one no but it would be nice
Can students delete their messages? yes only their own, however when they are merged the can’t delete it anymore
should we suggest tags? it is up to us but it doesn't have to be
specification of tags ? high level tags such as assignment related, test related etc.

what is a backlog :  (for next week make a backlog)

list of all requirements we prioritise based on what's most necessary/basic functions that cant be missing (must haves)
than the should haves not required to work but still really important (should haves)
last what if you have extra time can you implement (could haves)
and the rest which you cannot include (not have)





CTA: Alexandra Feldman / Alex
We are building a system
role of CTA is the client who tells the team what they want
limited meetings because that's how it happens irl
If we have a question, we can ask our TA then they can ask our CTA
Have a tool that the lecturer could use for questions that students have during the lecture
Requirements:

students are able to edit/send questions, and upvote other people's questions
qs can be sorted by votes
lecturer can mark as answered
For advanced users:Moderators
delete, hide qs
students can add tags, mod can categorise and merge qs
can schedule a room beforehand,
prioritized view: how old a q is, and how many votes it has
This should be done intelligently
if q is marked as spam, mod can decide to delete
Students can indicate the speed of the lecture
lecturer can create a poll, close it, then send back the answer or not.
This should also work for open questions
Qs view can be refreshed
Maximum q asking rate // min
Mod and lecturer can be the same
Mod doesnt need to be able to create scheduled rooms, this is for lecturers.
We can assume students behave perfectly
Priorotize for next week. If something is easy to implement, it will have a higher priority.
To pass we have to do
Additional features
Accessibility (additional)
IF we make it accessible for visually impaired people, then we have to write a one pager on it how it helps them.
QnA
Polling system there are questions, send back the answer?
Yes this platform hosts the questions and answers as well.
Can the lecturer only view the newest questions?
They should be able to see chronological order, but it would be nice to see a prioritized queue as well.
Only opens and beginning, and end at that specific point?
Up to us to design, we can do that freely
Is it for hosting lectures as well?
No.
Is this software meant for in person or online?
This is for online lectures.
Should students be able to reply to qs?
.    Only the mod should be able to answer the qs in text. It's not a chat, students should not have ot have a reply option
Should students be able to other students?
Students should be able to flag other peoples questions. Students cant see the names of the others.
Should there be an auth system?
No. No identification needed. can create two room id, one for the mods and lecturers, other for studens.
Is a backlog just your schedule?
Priorotize different stuff in the backlog, dont hesitate to make a mistake.
List of all the reqs, prioritized. MOSCOW system. Send the backlog draft before the meeting through email.
If we do come up with a design, could we ask your opinion on it?
yes. but she wont have strong opinions.
Should there be a pin function?
Not required, but nice.
What happens after the lecure is done, can students retrieve the qs?
There should be a way to export the qs at the end of the lecture, but otherwise they can be deleted. Students don't need to be able to access it later.
Moderators should be able to see who it is?
Ask the name of the student at the beggining, then mods can see that.
There can be multiple mods, but one lecturer. The system can only support one lecture at a time, but cmon man.
Should students see their own msg?
yes, but not after merging
Should we have type suggestions for tags?
not neccessary, 




The lecturer can filter the questions chronologically or by the number of upvotes

Moderator can ban specific IP

Moderator can merge certain questions together (Will the number of upvotes also be merged?)

Lecturer creates a lecture room, students join via room id

Students can mark the questions as spam. The moderator can view the flagged questions.

Other students cannot answer questions, only the moderator and the lecturer can.

The system is anonymous, but the lecturer and the moderator can view the names of the students. (The system asks for the student name at the beginning)

The lecturer can create polling questions either multiple choice or text box, and can display the results.

Students can delete their questions unless they are merged.

